How to use:
- make
- ./bin/generate_data
- python3 src/Python/graph.py
- cd data

Description:

This project takes "quickSort" algorithm and times it on a list of unsorted integers.
Unsorted integers are generated by "random_generator" and stored as a file "list.txt".

"generate_data.c" takes modified algorithms "quickSort.h" and "random_generator.h",
calculates the time required for raw quickSort to sort a list "list.txt" of size (N).

The lowest and highest numbers allowed within generation are -10000 and 10000,
the size of the single integer DOES NOT affect the time required to sort.


Given input (N), "random_generator" generates N amount of random integers within "list.txt".
Then, "quickSort" sorts the list, logs the time required to do that and saves that
information in "time_complexity.data".

The format of "time_complexity.data" is:
amount,time\n
amount,time\n
...

The only actual values you have to provide is "from", "upTo" and "eraseData";
Given "from" and "upTo", "generate_data" will start a for-loop in which "amount,time" will
be generated for each value from "from" to "upTo".

- "eraseData", if "y" is provided instead of any other string, "time_complexity.data"
will be erased instead of appended to.

For example, provided "1 100":
99 entries will be added to "time_complexity.data" seperated by newline.
For each amount (N) ranging from 1 to 100, time will be logged and stored next to it.

Finally,
given the "graph.py" and "time_complexity.data", executing the Python3 code will
utilize "matplotlib.pyplot" library to show you a graph where time is on the
x-axis and amounts are on the y-axis.

The graph shows a curve that is to be expected by a simple quickSort algorithm.

- "list.txt" is temporary and changes rapidly per each iteration
- All the files exist as a result of the shell command:
./generate_data 1 10000 y


- Note: some file errors might corrupt the list.txt, ignore it.
